from the radio friend to be as they always give is tele but we are communicated
with them anzoátegui is traveling I made de huancayo to the capital to
then leave until sullana that there is a match in the middle of the week first say hello
so much the welcome to the table that goes of base or llosa sotil like these
How the caravan is doing to you as it calls traveling
at the stop
in sponsoring her and the breaking fire does not bring back will have
trian
well, a lot of people said a lot of colleagues because the two teams already
they are on vacation
percent alliance the 'u' some schools have not given him free
the teams you have a pending match with your and the one that yesterday won
to shelter from visiting important game because it is to add this game
and that's where the three points are made in front of the sport boys that still have not
an illusion could be put in an expectant place the table have thought of
that surely you yojan
in a friendly gesture pumped planned to conclude with lead punk
obama stopped
obama has summoned as he wants
to mouth it took three points but there is a bonus hunt
as vice president environment I think that little by little I'm going
this man
i ain the cover
the metro train altamira
the banks were tied or with the vedette salutes
and looking at the resulting art table a good result we are talking about a
triumphant in sullana and over there
the one that they fight the table as it was done they can of the temples
the three points against ohl would total 24 would be behind college in
fifth place fighting a position of
from copados or americana that for you surely
on important base period final season
I think there is a good litter of the classifier ee
although with the program
Ojinaga goal that was ajuria enea
also sports
percent
coatzacoalcos see playing well
like but should the first place
with the audience
to complicate the fifth win
in front of sport line cristal
and also out there
as it was not given is something similar they fight it said his own technician
mistake like he would have preferred to and beat him he drove out zelaya if he's going to be
or crystal but take the six points in the two commitments for was the
difference those matches
I love acting fast
before emphasizing is that l aea key three against one because it is that local
now we have the obligation to win not
I do not tell you, let's do the debt
for that party amprimo road marnotes cole
there he won sacks with all the tattoo artist then confiscated him from
peco jaime mascaró steering wheel that plays will take time
there
the time of based on that production because a ticket was given and game in front
the brewer set
but in the end I kind of like him the l'equip
in case the agent some statements was that that bad taste hand of the
conseller of a down front versus alliance that at the moment in the
table would have been very important
critical
and I want to be able to
we want to talk about some object was a little more rigor this ede of tourism
but
the same despite not having a team wins like crystal
we recover roma compete a priori
and in mono then what it exhibits in the festival as the page quickly
he got lost from big team home that came
complicated group with the palmar
for them it is changing a little subject but this one asks
this rpg you made yourself too
percent the fact is that more has to do and I with subtle to get to
the selection
because I think the huancayo sport and a couple of players who are in a good
level
I'm not just trying to stop spikes in the tournament
but to maintain a regularity and that is your case and the case of irving
the one that I think that out there deserved to be
in the selection after fact also this question
she just as little it became clear that the channel to the collection
to see how some complete but at a key moment
I think I want
the adjustment that canonical penalty did not go to pique
abigeato paternal day branches part of morocco of the heat
mind that
they do what they want the markarián level
but as not only accatin john some games but you have to
continue to hope that it ends
limping tuesday program positioned in the field
but reviewing a little long list of those who will guide the kirin cup
I described a cumin at this time
this in the voce equal to that of some because they have also been summoned
and around 10 it was a bit far away useful to get to that level at that level
maybe at a higher level
now
the capea I do not have children of the king of pop rival area
certainly in panama that we will be able to do as it does not mean that this was
treat the issue now
and you have to prevent bcp I criticized the cord tuticket com co uk all because
on television
but what direct
creativity hahahaha pear editor the same good for him he was there for something with
what the shoulder minsa
for a moment that has Cuba
now to close the selection system and a bit the future and hopefully
I think that it affects that both you and Irvin are playing in a club in
which province does not have a club in the capital this could be the theme of
not be summoned to the selection
when the local team ages on each side
is that they already know me and Cubans who lend in the capital
but as long as we do not attack miller with the equipment finish
p pernía in the complement
sure it's going to be a power so far
Acquire a statement Juan Carlos Henao Clear that they leave because we are going to vote no
we can discuss a long time